That Court occupies a central position in our judicial system.
It is foresight of the commission of the actual further offence as a possible incident of the execution of their planned enterprise.
The offences were in respect of a public procession on 10 February 2002.
The Government argued that the evidence established and the Judge found that it had processed the MLP submissions without undue delay and that the Developers had duly been informed of each MLP’s deficiencies, especially in relation to the 324 mPD height limit.
There was no palpable error of judgment in his conduct of the trial.
It was at that meeting that the Developers alleged that an oral agreement was reached to extend the building covenant without payment of additional premium until outstanding aviation safety issues were resolved.
These letters were regarded by the Director of Immigration as amounting only to an inquiry.
Such conditional release orders take effect directly and without need for a recommendation to the Chief Executive.
Nobody suggests that the extent of the state immunity to which the Congo is entitled depends on the extent of the state immunity available in its courts.
The cases offer no support at all for the use of the concept of abuse of process which the applicants seek to make here.
In the second place, the Tribunal was manifestly of opinion that the speculative element was to be excluded, as otherwise the two-stage approach could never be justified.
The sentence in such cases must be entirely within the discretion of the judge depending upon the circumstances.
One must distinguish between a permanent resident who enjoys the right of abode on the one hand and a person claiming to be a permanent resident on the other hand.
Where self-defence is in issue, the prosecution has to disprove it beyond reasonable doubt.
In truth the testimony in question was hearsay and therefore not probative at all.
First, the Court concluded that, given the obviously different provenance of the multiple deposits of money in the bank accounts the subject of the five charges over a period of years, each charge was patently duplicitous.
The relevant provisions of the Ordinance
And the rule constituted by this privilege is a rational and practical one which exists in the public interest and involves an important right belonging to the client.
Evidence which supplies a reason to suspect forgery is likely to have an important influence when considering what steps are reasonably required by way of reasonable diligence.
And the scales will be held by an independent and impartial judiciary.
The Ordinance was not intended to make any change to the then current delineation of boundaries of each constituency.
Since then it has often been invoked, sometimes with success and sometimes not.
In this appeal, the issue to be decided by this Court is whether the trial judge had given the jury sufficient warning of the risk in accepting the evidence of the complainant.
They do not become permanent residents until they have ordinarily resided for a continuous period of not less than seven years and they are, in the meanwhile, non-permanent residents.
It has been replaced by a doctrine of restrictive immunity.
Compensation has been canvassed as a factor material to the ultimate outcome in two different ways.
In the tort of negligence it accrues when relevant damage, more than negligible, has occurred.
Secondly, there are variations in the effect on the admissibility of information obtained as a result of the investigation.
A convicted person has a right to appeal to the Court of Appeal against his conviction and sentence, but leave of the Court of Appeal is required unless he relies on a ground of appeal which involves a question of law alone or unless a certificate is granted by the trial judge.
Before stating and addressing this argument, I must quote certain provisions of the Basic Law, and recount certain developments in our constitutional history.
So if it asserts the existence of circumstances which it relies upon, it must prove the existence of those circumstances.
But that was said in the course of discussing a statutory provision which mandated a single judgment of the court unless separate judgments were considered convenient.
Subject to this, the most obviously relevant considerations are, I think, how substantial the interference is and how long it lasts.
With regard to the admissions contained in the record of interview, he alleged that they were not made voluntarily and what was said was not true.
Whether that ground or some other ground is relied upon, the basis on which a conviction is either affirmed or quashed will always be governed by statute.
This focuses on the particular situation needing a remedy and avoids any unintended consequences that might flow from tinkering with the Companies Ordinance definition of a company.
The silver was not recorded in a manifest and was seized as unmanisfested cargo within the meaning of the IEO.
Or it may arise because he has been induced legitimately to expect that he would be allowed to keep or be given the thing of substance which the decision may take away, diminish or withold.
It is based on express representations for which the nature of the Ng Ka Ling and Chan Kam Nga litigation provides the context.
Stopping here, it would surely have appeared to an objective observer that their sole purpose was to make the small slice of commission-rebate on each trade.
If the children of the elderly person given in the example settled in Hong Kong, their children would probably be born here, as would succeeding generations.
In substance they were voluntarily entering into mutual agreements that, if the Schemes were approved, they would waive their respective claims.
What the appellants did have, as they continued to perform the same operation on different warrants from time to time, was experience;
I believe on the day in question, there was an exchange of words between the two brothers and foul words were exchanged.
In the brief reasons which he gave, there was no reference to any "implied inducement".
However, I am equally satisfied that a purchaser, fully aware of those risks, would be willing to pay above bare agricultural land market value for the land, with that potentiality.
In the case of Mr Tse, Shek Wu Tong Village in the Pat Heung area in Yuen Long District.
The principle does not admit of such a contest.
From the beginning the case for the prosecution was based upon inferences to be drawn from the overall pattern of dealing in each of the bank accounts.
Lord Mance, like Lord Nicholls, saw the issue as being when the first claimant knew enough to make it reasonable for him to investigate whether the claimants had a case against the accountants.
Article 160 would be according to such judgments a treatment which represents a radical departure from the established common law position.
In particular, what is the extent of review by the Court?
In any event, the approach which these persons made to the Legal Aid Department cannot be regarded as a claim because it was not a claim made to the Immigration Department of which there was a record.
In particular, what public policy considerations result in a contract being vitiated on grounds of maintenance or champerty?
That deals with diplomatic privileges and immunities rather than state immunity.
It is accepted, however, that the revocation did not revive PBIL’s marine rights and that it had a vested right to compensation by virtue of the 1995 authorisation.
The defendants contended that the case should not have been left to the jury. Evidence of malice, unless it appears on the face of the criticism, is irrelevant to the question of fair comment.
The applicant's application and her appeals had been rightly dismissed.
It does not show compliance with the first Order.
Those issues have therefore not yet been addressed or resolved.
The Court is only concerned, vitally of course, with the legal system of Hong Kong.
Again, evidence that one party says things derogatory of the other party, in the other party's absence, is a form of relationship evidence.
The principle of legal certainty has undergone considerable development recently. And I daresay there is still room for its further development.
The power to strike out is an aspect of the court’s inherent jurisdiction to prevent abuse of its process.
It set up a task force for that purpose and started negotiations with the Mainland authorities on the new procedures for verifying right of abode claims.
We accordingly agree with the courts below that there is no basis for holding that the DRC has waived its immunity before the HKSAR courts.
If there is a wide-ranging abuse of executive power to be protected against, then there is no reason why a discretion available to protect against such abuse of power cannot be exercised commensurately widely.
As a result of the Interpretation and the subsequent changes, the Director of Immigration is precluded by law from giving effect in full to the original legitimate expectation of persons to whom these representations were made.
The prosecution appeals to us against the quashing by the High Court of the defendant’s conviction in the Magistrates’ Court for that offence.
It is now generally accepted that the absence of an apology in the particular circumstances of a case is capable of resulting in aggravated damages.
First, they invoked the non-intervention principle to argue that the court should not intervene in respect of the President of Legco’s decision that they be allowed to re-take their oaths.
Under what circumstances should the trial judge apply these two formulations?
This case demonstrates, once again, the dangers inherent in first instance tribunals seeking shortcuts by answering preliminary questions of law.
Absolute immunity of course remains the rule even in countries which recognize a commercial exception.
A few specimen counts could have been charged, but they would not have reflected the overall criminality of the defendant’s conduct.
There the wife was tricked by her husband into signing papers written in Spanish;
As will appear, although the issue of duplicity in that case arose in a somewhat indirect manner, what was said and decided had potential application to the appeal of Yeung.
As the case-law shows, the courts have been refining the form of extended orders and developing ancillary directions in aid thereof.
These are the circumstances in which the directors of the Society resolved upon a differential policy which was designed to deprive the relevant guarantees of any substantial value.
The evidence does not establish that the wife, who was resident in Hong Kong, established a domicile of choice in Hong Kong.
They require proof of a purpose on the defendant’s part which comes very close to proof that he knows that the property is actually tainted.
Secondly, the executive is shielded from legal liability for so functioning.
He will need to have been present during the Medical Council’s deliberations in order to appreciate this.
In the early years, a village representative to deal with the Government was elected or chosen by the heads of households in a village from among themselves.
This is the Bill which led to the amendment of the Ordinance by the introduction of competition law provisions.
I leave open the question whether maintenance and champerty apply to agreements concerning arbitrations taking place in Hong Kong since it does not arise in the present case.
In Hong Kong, the power to prevent abuse of the appellate process should, in my view, be exercised by the Court of Appeal.
Then the omission is noticed for the first time.
That did not mean, however, that they were likely to have been indifferent to possible movements in market prices.
The staff sides of the central consultative councils are consulted before the Chief Executive in Council reaches a final decision on any pay adjustment.
In any case, we are far from thinking that the case would have any prospect of success.
The respondent referred to visits by Red Cross staff on two occasions.
However, where UNHCR rejects the claim for refugee status, the Secretary must conduct a proper independent assessment of the torture claim.
Prior to its creation, a Full Court consisting of first instance judges was constituted to hear appeals.
The courts must give a generous interpretation to its constitutional guarantee.
It is natural and appropriate to confer rights and freedoms in wide terms, but permitting wide restrictions on rights and freedoms endangers them.
I'll ask my lawyer because I don't understand a thing from you people.
That alleged meaning was a prominent feature of the trial.
The answer given by the House of Lords was Yes.
Very shortly after she was informed of the Shenzhen proceedings, she applied for an anti-suit injunction in Hong Kong to stop the Husband from continuing with the Shenzhen proceedings.
